README.md, before:

# DASS as a Service

Implement [DASS] Digital Advertising System Simulation as a RESTful Python microservice.

## Project Log


### Apr 9
- inspired by https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2V1FtfBDsLU refactoring w/o classes
- discovering [named tuples](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2970608/what-are-named-tuples-in-python)
- if I still used classes [dataclassses](https://docs.python.org/3/library/dataclasses.html) could replace [attr] 


###  Feb 26/27

- Create Ad Serving Model
- Replace [attr] type annotations by validators and converters. I
- Decide for [TinyDB] as a lean document database
- simulate activity streams (w/o ads)

### Feb 22:
- Due to limited app scope and simplicity prefer [Flask over Django](https://www.codementor.io/garethdwyer/flask-vs-django-why-flask-might-be-better-4xs7mdf8v)
- Create [PyCharm] [Flask] project
  - As template language choose [Ninja2 over Mako](https://www.quora.com/Python-Web-Frameworks-What-are-the-advantages-and-disadvantages-of-using-Mako-vs-Jinja2) as it's the one mentioned all over the [flask docs]
  - Download Python 3.7 to [base a virtualenv](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/creating-virtual-environment.html) on it
- Create https://github.com/dpetz/dass
  - from PyCharm via ``Personal access tokens`` of sufficient rights
- Add [this](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/gitignore/master/Python.gitignore) ``.gitignore``. Add ``.idea`` to it.
- Refresh [python decorators](https://realpython.com/primer-on-python-decorators/) which Flask uses to bind functions to URLs.
-  ["Flask Web Development"](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/flask-web-development/9781491991725/) is the best reated book
- Start implementing activity stream model.
- Add ``numpy`` package to [PyCharm project interpreter](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/installing-uninstalling-and-upgrading-packages.html)
- [attr] supports [class immutability](https://opensource.com/article/18/10/functional-programming-python-immutable-data-structures) and [much more](https://glyph.twistedmatrix.com/2016/08/attrs.html).


### Research
- [Toward Improving Digital Attribution Model Accuracy](https://ai.google/research/pubs/pub45766): In this paper, we use this simulation to demonstrate that current models fail to accurately capture the true number of incremental conversions generated by ads that impact user behavior, and introduce an Upstream Data-Driven Attribution (UDDA) model to address this shortcoming. We also demonstrate that development beyond UDDA is still required to address a lack of data completeness, and situations that include highly targeting advertising.

[DASS]: https://ai.google/research/pubs/pub45331
[PyCharm]: https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/
[Flask]: http://flask.pocoo.org/
[flask docs]: http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/1.0/
[flask-restful]: https://flask-restful.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
[attr]: https://www.attrs.org/en/stable/
[TinyDB]: https://tinydb.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html

Commit message:

finished refactoring all classes to maps with composable validators

README.md, after:

# DASS as a Service

Implement [DASS] Digital Advertising System Simulation as a RESTful Python microservice.

## Project Log

## May 4
- finished refactoring all classes to maps with composable validators
- added data from paper
- next is DB and REST

### Apr 9
- inspired by https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2V1FtfBDsLU refactoring w/o classes
- discovering [named tuples](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2970608/what-are-named-tuples-in-python)
- if I still used classes [dataclassses](https://docs.python.org/3/library/dataclasses.html) could replace [attr] 


###  Feb 26/27

- Create Ad Serving Model
- Replace [attr] type annotations by validators and converters. I
- Decide for [TinyDB] as a lean document database
- simulate activity streams (w/o ads)

### Feb 22:
- Due to limited app scope and simplicity prefer [Flask over Django](https://www.codementor.io/garethdwyer/flask-vs-django-why-flask-might-be-better-4xs7mdf8v)
- Create [PyCharm] [Flask] project
  - As template language choose [Ninja2 over Mako](https://www.quora.com/Python-Web-Frameworks-What-are-the-advantages-and-disadvantages-of-using-Mako-vs-Jinja2) as it's the one mentioned all over the [flask docs]
  - Download Python 3.7 to [base a virtualenv](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/creating-virtual-environment.html) on it
- Create https://github.com/dpetz/dass
  - from PyCharm via ``Personal access tokens`` of sufficient rights
- Add [this](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/gitignore/master/Python.gitignore) ``.gitignore``. Add ``.idea`` to it.
- Refresh [python decorators](https://realpython.com/primer-on-python-decorators/) which Flask uses to bind functions to URLs.
-  ["Flask Web Development"](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/flask-web-development/9781491991725/) is the best reated book
- Start implementing activity stream model.
- Add ``numpy`` package to [PyCharm project interpreter](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/installing-uninstalling-and-upgrading-packages.html)
- [attr] supports [class immutability](https://opensource.com/article/18/10/functional-programming-python-immutable-data-structures) and [much more](https://glyph.twistedmatrix.com/2016/08/attrs.html).


### Research
- [Toward Improving Digital Attribution Model Accuracy](https://ai.google/research/pubs/pub45766): In this paper, we use this simulation to demonstrate that current models fail to accurately capture the true number of incremental conversions generated by ads that impact user behavior, and introduce an Upstream Data-Driven Attribution (UDDA) model to address this shortcoming. We also demonstrate that development beyond UDDA is still required to address a lack of data completeness, and situations that include highly targeting advertising.

[DASS]: https://ai.google/research/pubs/pub45331
[PyCharm]: https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/
[Flask]: http://flask.pocoo.org/
[flask docs]: http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/1.0/
[flask-restful]: https://flask-restful.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
[attr]: https://www.attrs.org/en/stable/
[TinyDB]: https://tinydb.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html
